There are several times when one is afraid of many things, right?
Like when many people say they are afraid to walk at night,
that's one aspect, right?
Because it scares you, right? That thing.
But I am afraid of people, the living ones, not the dead, you know?
Because the dead no longer do anything, right?
I mean, in that sense, right?
And other things, well, if it's about work, if it's about looking at a business,
an opportunity, then you have to look at things very carefully,
if it serves you or not.
That also scares you, right?
Fear in music, well, it's like people not liking
what one is doing, that scares you,
that they won't like what one is doing, the music.
That's what scares you, right?
That there may not be support, that they may not like the music, right?
When one feels fear, honestly, one sees as if the world
is going to collapse and not find any support or anything.
That's what I see fear as for me, right?
Feeling fear, that one won't find support,
won't find someone to support or guide them.
And one feels, well, complicated, you know?
But that's fear for me, right?
It makes one feel complex, sad, lazy,
but well, that's fear for me, right?